Wang Ye Fang's daughter
It turned out that Sister Jiang arrived.
Please ask Sister Jiang for more advice on saving people
Don't call me sister
I have something to talk to the prince alone
Prince go down
I will go to Xinjiang with you to save people
Let's put that aside.
What's your relationship with Fang Xiaoxiao?
Why do you ask this?
I was seriously injured
He worked for me as a doctor twice
The queen said he was the side concubine you ordered
It's true.
The emperor mentioned his blood strip to me once
I didn't refuse.
What if I asked you to refuse?
He belongs to the emperor
I am temporarily inconvenient to refuse
Is it inconvenient or don't want to refuse?